In this video, we're going to take a look at a very easy way to capture the cookie that gets sent back
to us during this initial request and include that cookie in the follow up request right after it.
We're going to first take a look at this very easy way of handling this.
But then after that, we're going to start to do a little bit larger refactor to make it really easy
to make authenticated requests in the future.
Because, again, just about every other service we're going to put together and write test for, we're
going to have to be authenticated to make requests to it.
So we want to make sure that in a testing environment, it is really, really easy to get authenticated.
Okay, so here's the very easy solution.
We're going to first take a look at the initial request right here, which should be giving us back
a cookie.
I'm going to capture the response so we get sent.
So I will call this something like off response, maybe a better name for it would be like sign up response
or something like that.
So inside there is going to be the cookie that we actually care about.
So we can extract that thing using response or off response.
Target.
Set.
Cookie.
So we are pulling off that authentication cookie.
That is the thing that contains our JSON web token inside of it.
We now want to take that cookie and include it in this follow up request that we're making right here.
We can do so very easily by right after the get.
We're going to add in another change on method of set.
We can use set to set different headers on the request are about to make.
So in this case, we're going to set the cookie header.
And we'll set it to the cookie that we got from the initial response.
We'll put in cookie like so.
All right, so let's now save this flight back over to our terminal.
Tests are rerunning.
And there we go.
There is our current user.
Now, we could very easily write out a test and make sure that there is a current user property that
is defined and that there are some kind of email defined on there as well.
So for example, I'm going to replace the console.log right here within expect response dot body dot
current user dot email.
Two equal.
And we'll have that email.
We'll make sure that it equals the email we had signed up as originally up here.
It will say test at test.
Okay.
Let's save that.
I'm going to flip back over and after these tests run again, we should see now current user is passing.
Very good.
All right.
So without a doubt, this approach right here works.
But as I mentioned, every other service that we test, we're going to have to probably initially sign
up somehow.
In other words, we want to be able to make authenticate requests to these other services very, very
easily in a testing environment.
So we're going to take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to refactor some of this authentication stuff into
a helper function and this helper function.
We're going to eventually kind of copy paste around to a lot of different services.
It's going to make testing, authentication and making sure we can make authenticated requests really
easy and straightforward.
So a quick pause, and I'll see you in just a minute.